 Jagat Gopra, one of the members of the Cardrol Oil IDR team with my team members, Tanya Agarwal, Akar Singh and Steve Fernandez. EID is a user-friendly online software development platform that conjures developers all around the globe together to create work published their projects together as a single entity.
 Developers phone need to download any additional software and they can just trend their code and get the results ASAP. A dedicated workplace for research paper that is filled with all the tools required for the purpose, such as editor and publisher, which can publish the paper on the platform of their choice. A built-in code editor that is customisable to suit the developers need, runs various languages and can support one or multiple users, making the collaboration easy and effective.
 AIDE will aid users to benefit with resume ready profile. Developers will be able to request mentors and other developers to review their projects. Website will ask user if they want to deploy project in their profile at a time of competition. It also judges code efficiency and highlighting quality which for most competitive development.
 Success is the preparation, opportunity and hard work come together. We have the opportunity and you are willing to do the work. All we need is to prepare and we have gone through many resources on the internet to prepare a timeline on which we should create a project. And for the servers we are going to need four different servers one for backup, one for security and for primary and secondary servers respectively. We may switch on to the resources as we are still in the planning phase. We need to build a team and to track and manage that team and all the resources that they will need. And to also estimate the cost for its implementation. And the fourth one, website development.
 A better version helps external users play along with our code, experiment with it. And also it gives us a chance as well to experiment with the new features you would come up with in the future. And the last one would be launching and deployment. Creating software is a costy and time consuming process. And that's why our launch will be the best.
 The second menu item is a code editor that supports multiple languages and has real-time compiling capabilities. This code editor can be used by a single person and multiple persons based on the collaboration. After each project, the user can store their codes in the repository.
 You will receive complete support for all your research based interest right from its birthright up to its publishing. All your work will be displayed at one place on my dining and clean generated resonating. Oh, oh, and most importantly all this will be available on the web browser. These are the references that we took while building the project. If you need to drop any suggestions and questions on our email, this marks the end of our presentation.