 A topic is extended integrated development environment, which is a multi-featured online development platform. And Jagat Gopra, one of the members of the Cardrol Oil IDR team with my team members, Tanya Agarwal, Akar Singh and Steve Fernandez. Have you ever realized how stressful it is for a newbie codeur to keep up with all the tech updates, regular profile building and enhancement, your publishing research papers and serving equally dedicated to their coding journey. A topic is extended integrated development environment, which is a multi-featured online development platform. And Jagat Gopra, one of the members of the Cardrol Oil IDR team with my team members, Tanya Agarwal, Akar Singh and Steve Fernandez. Have you ever realized how stressful it is for a newbie codeur to keep up with all the tech updates, regular profile building and enhancement, your publishing research papers and serving equally dedicated to their coding journey. And I think that all the tech updates that you have are in your student's are a life example. Now, as we understand this problem, we need to find a solution, right? That's exactly how EID showed up. EID is a user-friendly online software development platform that conjures developers all around the globe together to create work published their projects together as a single entity. EID adapts the principle of more heads are better than one. Superior quality of content is therefore achieved And I think that all the tech updates that you have are in your student's are a life example. Now, as we understand this problem, we need to find a solution, right? That's exactly how EID showed up. EID is a user-friendly online software development platform that conjures developers all around the globe together to create work published their projects together as a single entity. EID adapts the principle of more heads are better than one. Superior quality of content is therefore achieved with a lot of ideas, skills and participation with numerous people often their best ideas, skills and support will only expect quality results. Now, for our idea, we have to check upon the roots of our idea. We have discussed it with some of the industry experts, such as Foreign Share is an assistant professor at the Taco College of Engineering and Herald Delaal who is the co-founder of the D.Web box company who have held their guidance for this idea. with a lot of ideas, skills and participation with numerous people often their best ideas, skills and support will only expect quality results. Now, for our idea, we have to check upon the roots of our idea. We have discussed it with some of the industry experts, such as Foreign Share is an assistant professor at the Taco College of Engineering and Herald Delaal who is the co-founder of the D.Web box company who have held their guidance for this idea. So, beginning with the idea expansion, let's have a look through the radio free trade. With an increase in the number of problems statements each year, the need and requirement for multiple distinctive open source development platforms have grown significantly. Many online ideas support computer programming. Now, with this, the developers have to choose the best online ideas to keep competitive learning and technical awareness. In this case, the best choice is an online idea that can develop and easily use and support necessary libraries even though it is a success for free. So, beginning with the idea expansion, let's have a look through the radio free trade. With an increase in the number of problems statements each year, the need and requirement for multiple distinctive open source development platforms have grown significantly. Many online ideas support computer programming. Now, with this, the developers have to choose the best online ideas to keep competitive learning and technical awareness. In this case, the best choice is an online idea that can develop and easily use and support necessary libraries even though it is a success for free. Moreover, IDE with the latest and the needs data usage and more functionalities are preferred. Our analysis allows us to make several interesting observations including the topic of interest to the developers range widely. In this presentation, we present a methodology to analyze the actual content of EID discussions. Our idea includes a variety of features suited to developers of all types. With an integrated compiler, with multiple language support, that can compile code in real time without any hassle. Moreover, IDE with the latest and the needs data usage and more functionalities are preferred. Our analysis allows us to make several interesting observations including the topic of interest to the developers range widely. In this presentation, we present a methodology to analyze the actual content of EID discussions. Our idea includes a variety of features suited to developers of all types. With an integrated compiler, with multiple language support, that can compile code in real time without any hassle. Developers phone need to download any additional software and they can just trend their code and get the results ASAP. A storage for all the codes and projects that will be used by the developers for various developments and they can share their repositories with whoever they want. They will also have the option for private repositories as well as public repositories for storage. A dedicated workplace for research paper that is filled with all the tools required for the purpose, such as editor and publisher, which can publish the paper on the platform of their choice. Developers phone need to download any additional software and they can just trend their code and get the results ASAP. A storage for all the codes and projects that will be used by the developers for various developments and they can share their repositories with whoever they want. They will also have the option for private repositories as well as public repositories for storage. A dedicated workplace for research paper that is filled with all the tools required for the purpose, such as editor and publisher, which can publish the paper on the platform of their choice. A customized home for the developers, filled with tons of information about various bug boundies and hackathons for them to engage and also the latest news regarding the tech industry and software will be displayed. A built-in code editor that is customisable to suit the developers need, runs various languages and can support one or multiple users, making the collaboration easy and effective. And auto matching software, especially designed to find a suitable made of your choice to work alongside with on various projects. A customized home for the developers, filled with tons of information about various bug boundies and hackathons for them to engage and also the latest news regarding the tech industry and software will be displayed. A built-in code editor that is customisable to suit the developers need, runs various languages and can support one or multiple users, making the collaboration easy and effective. And auto matching software, especially designed to find a suitable made of your choice to work alongside with on various projects. Developers can recruit and apply for various collaboration opportunities suited to their skillsets. Dynamic resume ready profile, which will be automatically updated using RAR, which will keep tabs on job projects and repositories. Developers can also have the assistant from the industry leading expert in various domains of their choice. They can also post questions and queries regarding various problems they face. The AIDE program replay a vital role in spreading awareness Developers can recruit and apply for various collaboration opportunities suited to their skillsets. Dynamic resume ready profile, which will be automatically updated using RAR, which will keep tabs on job projects and repositories. Developers can also have the assistant from the industry leading expert in various domains of their choice. They can also post questions and queries regarding various problems they face. The AIDE program replay a vital role in spreading awareness about key questions or upcoming friends to help the technical social sector and to develop better technology solutions and the multiple available services. Developers will be able to work together on a problem and research of coming friends. This will create a guide case studies and other resources to help the social sector. They will also contribute back to open source solution. AIDE is providing a global platform to meet and meet other developers. Networking is great for sharing knowledge ideas. Working together as a team. Developers will gain a deeper understanding of things and gain a new perspective. about key questions or upcoming friends to help the technical social sector and to develop better technology solutions and the multiple available services. Developers will be able to work together on a problem and research of coming friends. This will create a guide case studies and other resources to help the social sector. They will also contribute back to open source solution. AIDE is providing a global platform to meet and meet other developers. Networking is great for sharing knowledge ideas. Working together as a team. Developers will gain a deeper understanding of things and gain a new perspective. It is natural that networking will lead to opportunities. Developers unlock the scanning market expose a tool to them. People in the room. They are building connections with their network too. They are likely to receive a referral if they have a need that matches your skills. To AIDE, developers have access to competitive learning platforms. That provides them for opportunity to experience different education and technical scenarios in the computer science. They will also get to know about coding for their stack of dogs, bookmarking and many other things. Developers can give you existing code, It is natural that networking will lead to opportunities. Developers unlock the scanning market expose a tool to them. People in the room. They are building connections with their network too. They are likely to receive a referral if they have a need that matches your skills. To AIDE, developers have access to competitive learning platforms. That provides them for opportunity to experience different education and technical scenarios in the computer science. They will also get to know about coding for their stack of dogs, bookmarking and many other things. Developers can give you existing code, seek code changes and help teamers to solve problems. Developers will be able to post and say a post and update the entire AIDE organization or just within their own teamers. It will be possible for developers to request mentors and other developers to review their projects. AIDE will aid users to benefit with resume ready profile. Our website will ask the user if they want to deploy the project in their profile at a time of competition. It also judges code efficiency and highlighting quality seek code changes and help teamers to solve problems. Developers will be able to post and say a post and update the entire AIDE organization or just within their own teamers. It will be possible for developers to request mentors and other developers to review their projects. AIDE will aid users to benefit with resume ready profile. Our website will ask the user if they want to deploy the project in their profile at a time of competition. It also judges code efficiency and highlighting quality which for most competitive development. Having a clear objective is what is at the core of any project. Similarly, we do have decided on some clear objectives. In fact, we have divided them into four times. The first one being motivation. We want to motivate new people in the field of development and motivate those who are already in it to work together as a team because teamwork makes a dream work. The next section is about being unique. We want to do something that others might have just dreamt about the thing. We want to create a compiler that not only just supports which for most competitive development. Having a clear objective is what is at the core of any project. Similarly, we do have decided on some clear objectives. In fact, we have divided them into four times. The first one being motivation. We want to motivate new people in the field of development and motivate those who are already in it to work together as a team because teamwork makes a dream work. The next section is about being unique. We want to do something that others might have just dreamt about the thing. We want to create a compiler that not only just supports multiple languages but also debugs them all. It's another thing that hasn't been done up till now. A totally dedicated workspace for your research. This workspace will support your idea right from the inception, right of the publication. And to remind you, nothing like this hasn't done up till now. As a tree cannot grow without a seed for us dying. So do we have to stop something in order to grow? The first one being the excuse of not having proper hardware and software. We would also have to stop the tedious process of resume building and instead have a dynamically updated resume multiple languages but also debugs them all. It's another thing that hasn't been done up till now. A totally dedicated workspace for your research. This workspace will support your idea right from the inception, right of the publication. And to remind you, nothing like this hasn't done up till now. As a tree cannot grow without a seed for us dying. So do we have to stop something in order to grow? The first one being the excuse of not having proper hardware and software. We would also have to stop the tedious process of resume building and instead have a dynamically updated resume with all your statistics combined at one single place. And finally progress cannot come without change. So your RFP changes. The first one you would like to change the method in which projects are made by letting people work together and that too on the exact same page in real time. And the next thing which you would like to change is the platform. As our platform not only supports all that I just said, it supports all of them all at one single place. with all your statistics combined at one single place. And finally progress cannot come without change. So your RFP changes. The first one you would like to change the method in which projects are made by letting people work together and that too on the exact same page in real time. And the next thing which you would like to change is the platform. As our platform not only supports all that I just said, it supports all of them all at one single place. Resource planning relies heavily on the accurate estimation of the time and budget at the start of the project and prioritization skills of a project manager. But to take a lump sum estimation, the resources that is the hardware and the software that would be needed for the implementation of our idea is for the front it we are going to use HTML CSS woodstrap react angular. For the backend we need AWS that is called service express node model. Resource planning relies heavily on the accurate estimation of the time and budget at the start of the project and prioritization skills of a project manager. But to take a lump sum estimation, the resources that is the hardware and the software that would be needed for the implementation of our idea is for the front it we are going to use HTML CSS woodstrap react angular. For the backend we need AWS that is called service express node model. And for the servers we are going to need four different servers one for backup, one for security and for primary and secondary servers respectively. We may switch on to the resources as we are still in the planning phase. Success is the preparation, opportunity and hard work come together. We have the opportunity and you are willing to do the work. All we need is to prepare and we have gone through many resources on the internet to prepare a timeline on which we should create a project. And for the servers we are going to need four different servers one for backup, one for security and for primary and secondary servers respectively. We may switch on to the resources as we are still in the planning phase. Success is the preparation, opportunity and hard work come together. We have the opportunity and you are willing to do the work. All we need is to prepare and we have gone through many resources on the internet to prepare a timeline on which we should create a project. Now the first thing would be brainstorming. Our project being big, we need to plan for it properly to estimate all the resources. We have taken advice from your industry exports. We need to build a team and to track and manage that team and all the resources that they will need. And to also estimate the cost for its implementation. The second one, development planning. The team that we have should interact between each other. There should be divisions made based on their specialties. We do assign a team lead among them and train and that team lead should train all the juniors. Now the first thing would be brainstorming. Our project being big, we need to plan for it properly to estimate all the resources. We have taken advice from your industry exports. We need to build a team and to track and manage that team and all the resources that they will need. And to also estimate the cost for its implementation. The second one, development planning. The team that we have should interact between each other. There should be divisions made based on their specialties. We do assign a team lead among them and train and that team lead should train all the juniors. And at the same time, they should be a compliance check for the senior developers as well. So that the workflow goes smoothly. The third one would be the website and UI design. Now nothing works well if it doesn't look good. And that's where we need content on our website. Now content creation would be one of the most important parts in a website and UI design. After that, you would have a website design along with its UI and UX being such a level that even big news are able to use it. At the same time, it doesn't go to the advanced users. And at the same time, they should be a compliance check for the senior developers as well. So that the workflow goes smoothly. The third one would be the website and UI design. Now nothing works well if it doesn't look good. And that's where we need content on our website. Now content creation would be one of the most important parts in a website and UI design. After that, you would have a website design along with its UI and UX being such a level that even big news are able to use it. At the same time, it doesn't go to the advanced users. The fourth one, website development. As soon as the user enters our platform, the first thing you will see is the front end. And that's why that should look awesome. Now along with the front end, there should be a good backend, data based, its design and creation. And they all should be linked in such a way that it takes the least amount of time between any interaction and all the users needs are met quickly. The next is alpha testing and better testing. The fourth one, website development. As soon as the user enters our platform, the first thing you will see is the front end. And that's why that should look awesome. Now along with the front end, there should be a good backend, data based, its design and creation. And they all should be linked in such a way that it takes the least amount of time between any interaction and all the users needs are met quickly. The next is alpha testing and better testing. Now alpha testing is a part where the developers of the company tell other developers within the same company to test their software. Now this leads to a few bugs coming out, but not all because humans take mistakes and developers are also human. And that's where we have a better version. A better version helps external users play along with our code, experiment with it. And also it gives us a chance as well to experiment with the new features you would come up with in the future. And the last one would be launching and deployment. Now alpha testing is a part where the developers of the company tell other developers within the same company to test their software. Now this leads to a few bugs coming out, but not all because humans take mistakes and developers are also human. And that's where we have a better version. A better version helps external users play along with our code, experiment with it. And also it gives us a chance as well to experiment with the new features you would come up with in the future. And the last one would be launching and deployment. Now launching might seem like a small, small, small letter word in normal English, but if launching isn't done right, even the best of projects will fail. And that's why our launch will be the best. And for that, we will need the developers, testers, team leaders, creators, the entire committee to prepare all the resources, the servers, the hostels, the front end, the backend, etc. etc. So that our launch would be one of the best ones. Now launching might seem like a small, small, small letter word in normal English, but if launching isn't done right, even the best of projects will fail. And that's why our launch will be the best. And for that, we will need the developers, testers, team leaders, creators, the entire committee to prepare all the resources, the servers, the hostels, the front end, the backend, etc. etc. So that our launch would be one of the best ones. It would actually be a head turn off so that all the people are attracted towards the platforms. Cost implementation planning is an important aspect of software development. Creating software is a costy and time consuming process. And it's so common that it can be very easy to go over budget, actually desire timeline or encounter other results. It would actually be a head turn off so that all the people are attracted towards the platforms. Cost implementation planning is an important aspect of software development. Creating software is a costy and time consuming process. And it's so common that it can be very easy to go over budget, actually desire timeline or encounter other results. We will be did investment measure in five sectors. Human resources that includes building a team, adding developers from different fields to work for EID. Technical experts will be needed to train developers and manage their respective work. Training program will be held and team building activities for efficient working. Secondly, we will basically need four types of server, security, backup, climate and secondary. Measure costs will be needed for different tools, software, ID, cloud services and industry experts. We will be did investment measure in five sectors. Human resources that includes building a team, adding developers from different fields to work for EID. Technical experts will be needed to train developers and manage their respective work. Training program will be held and team building activities for efficient working. Secondly, we will basically need four types of server, security, backup, climate and secondary. Measure costs will be needed for different tools, software, ID, cloud services and industry experts. We also need a workspace for our team, come to us to work on an internet facilities and other equipment for smooth function. So in methodology, the users will be first greeted to the login and sign up. If it's their first time and the user has opted for sign up, they will be verified based on the Gmail account. And then they will be asked for the area of interest. And after that, they will be redirected to the homepage. We also need a workspace for our team, come to us to work on an internet facilities and other equipment for smooth function. So in methodology, the users will be first greeted to the login and sign up. If it's their first time and the user has opted for sign up, they will be verified based on the Gmail account. And then they will be asked for the area of interest. And after that, they will be redirected to the homepage. If the user has chosen login, he will be directly redirected to his homepage by verifying his password and username. Once on the homepage, the user will have various options for the menus such as Dynamic Profile, Co-Deditor, Repositories, Collaboration and Research Workspace. The first menu, which is profile, the profile will be set up by the user during the sign up process. After the sign up process, the profile will dynamically change using the AR, which will keep tabs on their achievements and projects stored in the repository, which they complete throughout their journey. If the user has chosen login, he will be directly redirected to his homepage by verifying his password and username. Once on the homepage, the user will have various options for the menus such as Dynamic Profile, Co-Deditor, Repositories, Collaboration and Research Workspace. The first menu, which is profile, the profile will be set up by the user during the sign up process. After the sign up process, the profile will dynamically change using the AR, which will keep tabs on their achievements and projects stored in the repository, which they complete throughout their journey. The second menu item is a code editor that supports multiple languages and has real-time compiling capabilities. So, the code can compile the code easily without any hassle and downloading external software. This code editor can be used by a single person and multiple persons based on the collaboration. And after each project, the user can store their codes in the repository. The third menu option is Repositories. In this, the user can view and edit the code that they have stored. The repository is divided into two parts, a private repository and a public repository. The second menu item is a code editor that supports multiple languages and has real-time compiling capabilities. So, the code can compile the code easily without any hassle and downloading external software. This code editor can be used by a single person and multiple persons based on the collaboration. And after each project, the user can store their codes in the repository. The third menu option is Repositories. In this, the user can view and edit the code that they have stored. The repository is divided into two parts, a private repository and a public repository. Private repository can only be lived by the user and the public repository can be viewed by other people. Both of these, which will be stored on the main database. The fourth option, which we have is Collaboration tab. In this, the user will be able to find a suitable coding partner for him or her based on the skill sets that he or she required. Matchmaking algorithm will make sure that the user gets the profile of the other developer based on the preferences that they have set. Private repository can only be lived by the user and the public repository can be viewed by other people. Both of these, which will be stored on the main database. The fourth option, which we have is Collaboration tab. In this, the user will be able to find a suitable coding partner for him or her based on the skill sets that he or she required. Matchmaking algorithm will make sure that the user gets the profile of the other developer based on the preferences that they have set. Once satisfied with the other developers profile, the user can simply connect with the other developer and start the collaboration directly onto the code editor where they will be able to edit the code together and converts while doing so and store it in a combined repository. The fifth option is the research workplace. In this, the user has the ability to edit, view and publish the research framework. In the editing column, the user can edit their research with the tools we provide. In the view tab, the user can view any published paper that they want for their ongoing research. Once satisfied with the other developers profile, the user can simply connect with the other developer and start the collaboration directly onto the code editor where they will be able to edit the code together and converts while doing so and store it in a combined repository. The fifth option is the research workplace. In this, the user has the ability to edit, view and publish the research framework. In the editing column, the user can edit their research with the tools we provide. In the view tab, the user can view any published paper that they want for their ongoing research. It will be collected via the third-party servers of this elected platform. And in the published column, the user can publish their set work onto the platforms that they choose. This is the blog diagram. The blog diagram shows a detailed view of the processes that will be on the website. Here is a link to the blog diagram that you can see. It will be collected via the third-party servers of this elected platform. And in the published column, the user can publish their set work onto the platforms that they choose. This is the blog diagram. The blog diagram shows a detailed view of the processes that will be on the website. Here is a link to the blog diagram that you can see. Greetings, everyone. Let me conclude my team's presentation by telling you about myself. Yes, I look like a spider and yes, I am one, a spider who webs everything together. Now more about my platform. Yes, I'm multilingual. I know multiple languages. Oh, programming languages. I like to think big and to space it beyond. Yes, I would like to scale to infinity. Greetings, everyone. Let me conclude my team's presentation by telling you about myself. Yes, I look like a spider and yes, I am one, a spider who webs everything together. Now more about my platform. Yes, I'm multilingual. I know multiple languages. Oh, programming languages. I like to think big and to space it beyond. Yes, I would like to scale to infinity. I like connecting things together. Web, strings, people, and ensure strong bonds as they say, a spider's web is stronger than skill of the same size. I believe in teamwork for anything great to have in each individual has to work at its finest at that wide I offer support for multiple users. You will receive complete support for all your research based interest right from its birthright up to its publishing. I like connecting things together. Web, strings, people, and ensure strong bonds as they say, a spider's web is stronger than skill of the same size. I believe in teamwork for anything great to have in each individual has to work at its finest at that wide I offer support for multiple users. You will receive complete support for all your research based interest right from its birthright up to its publishing. And finally, one of the most important features all your work will be displayed at one place on my dining and clean generated resonating. Oh, oh, and most importantly all this will be available on the web browser. These are the references that we took while building the project. And finally, one of the most important features all your work will be displayed at one place on my dining and clean generated resonating. Oh, oh, and most importantly all this will be available on the web browser. These are the references that we took while building the project. If you need to drop any suggestions and questions on our email, this marks the end of our presentation. We are Control-Olt idea. And our platform is E IDE. One page, put code us to engage. Thank you. If you need to drop any suggestions and questions on our email, this marks the end of our presentation. We are Control-Olt idea. And our platform is E IDE. One page, put code us to engage. Thank you.